Add application aware mongodb backup example (#607)
k8up-io/k8up: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/application-aware-backups.adoc

        ...
<SNIP>
----

== MongoDB

> Note that the MongoDB image used requires the utility `mongodump`.
> It is able to dump all the database contents into an https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/archiving-and-compression-in-mongodb-tools[proprietary binary archive] in a consistent state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the MongoDB image used requires the utility `mongodump`.
It's able to dump all the database contents into a https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/archiving-and-compression-in-mongodb-tools[proprietary binary archive] in a consistent state.
```

[source,yaml]
----
<SNIP>
template:
  metadata:
    labels:
      app.kubernetes.io/name: mongodb
    annotations:
      k8up.io/backupcommand: sh -c 'mongodump --username=$MONGODB_ROOT_USER --password=$MONGODB_ROOT_PASSWORD --archive'
      k8up.io/file-extension: .archive
  spec:
    containers:
      - name: mongodb

>         image: docker.io/bitnami/mongodb:4.4.11-debian-10-r12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        image: quay.io/bitnami/mongodb:4.4.11-debian-10-r12
```

        ...
<SNIP>
----

The proprietary binary archive can only be read by the https://www.mongodb.com/try/download/database-tools[MongoDB Database Tools].
Use them to to recover a database.

> 
> [source,bash]
> ----
> $ oc port-forward po/mongodb-0 27017:27017
> $ ./mongorestore -u root -p <root-pw> mongodb://localhost:27017 --archive=mydatabase.archive
> 2022-02-14T18:05:28.879+0100	preparing collections to restore from
> 2022-02-14T18:05:28.908+0100	reading metadata for mydatabase.mydatabase_apps_scheduler from archive 'mydatabase.archive'
> ...
> 2022-02-14T18:07:17.252+0100	finished restoring mydatabase.mydatabase_federation_dns_cache (0 documents, 0 failures)
> 2022-02-14T18:07:17.252+0100	restoring users from archive 'mydatabase.archive'
> 2022-02-14T18:07:17.310+0100	restoring indexes for collection mydatabase.mydatabase_user_data_files from metadata
> 2022-02-14T18:07:17.310+0100	restoring indexes for collection mydatabase.mydatabase_livechat_unit_monitors from metadata
> ...
> 2022-02-14T18:07:21.711+0100	79020 document(s) restored successfully. 0 document(s) failed to restore.
> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.MongoDB restore using Port-Forward
[example]
====
[source,bash]
----
$ kubectl port-forward po/mongodb-0 27017:27017
$ ./mongorestore -u root -p <root-pw> mongodb://localhost:27017 --archive=mydatabase.archive
2022-02-14T18:05:28.879+0100	preparing collections to restore from
2022-02-14T18:05:28.908+0100	reading metadata for mydatabase.mydatabase_apps_scheduler from archive 'mydatabase.archive'
...
2022-02-14T18:07:17.252+0100	finished restoring mydatabase.mydatabase_federation_dns_cache (0 documents, 0 failures)
2022-02-14T18:07:17.252+0100	restoring users from archive 'mydatabase.archive'
2022-02-14T18:07:17.310+0100	restoring indexes for collection mydatabase.mydatabase_user_data_files from metadata
2022-02-14T18:07:17.310+0100	restoring indexes for collection mydatabase.mydatabase_livechat_unit_monitors from metadata
...
2022-02-14T18:07:21.711+0100	79020 document(s) restored successfully. 0 document(s) failed to restore.
----
====
```
